This project requires the following libraries:
 - Tensorflow (at least 0.10.0, but less than 1.0) 
 - PIL
 - web.py
 - werkzeug
 - h5py

Top-level modules:
 - flags.py:              Various flags used throughout the system
 - generate.py:           Module used to generate synthetic data
 - image.py:              Various image-processing utility functions
 - numberlocator.py:      Module to train and test the number locator
 - readnumber.py:         Module to train the digit recognizer model; also contains the primary function locate_and_read_number
 - server.py:             Web application code
 - synthetic_models.py:   Library of some of the neural network configurations attempted during training on synthetic data
 - svhn_models.py:        Library of some of the neural network configurations attempted during training on SVHN data

The "inputs" directory contains modules that deal with pre-processing input data, as well as utility class for iterating over large datasets:

 - inputs/datasource.py:  Classes encapsulating generating input data for the classifiers
 - inputs/batch.py:       Classes for batch iterating over input data
 - svhn.py:               Functions for dealing with SVHN metadata
 - sample_digit_data.py:  Functions for dealing with synthetic data generated for digit classifiers
 - sample_length_data.py: Functions for dealing with synthetic data generated for a stand-alone length classifier

The "models" directory contains classes representing various neural network configurations:

 - models/base.py:         Primary base class for all neural networks. Contains the core classifier code.
 - models/multilayer.py:   Multi-Layer Perceptron class
 - models/convolution.py:  CNN class. Contains variations for single and multi-logit variations

Other directories:

 - "classifiers" contains the Tensorflow checkpoint and metadata files necessary for loading neural network parameters.
 - "uploaded" contains all images uploaded to the web application.
 - "templates" contain template files used by web.py to render the web application.

Input data:
 - SVHN data can be downloaded from http://ufldl.stanford.edu/housenumbers/. Prior to be being used, metadata must extracted by running "svhn.py parse [train|test|extra]".
 - Synthetic data can be generated by the "generate.py" module. Command is "generate.py [by_digit|by_length] {# of images per label}".


Training for the number locator can be kicked off with "numberlocator.py train". "numberlocator.py locate {imgfile}" will locate potential number bounding boxes on the provided image.

Digit recognizer training can be started with "readnumber.py --train --[synthetic|svhn] --[joint|digit {1-5}|length]"
 - The "--joint" option will train a multi-logit network to output the sequence length and all digit positions at once
 - The "--digit {1-5}" option will train the network for the specified digit position
 - The "--length" otion will train the network on the digit sequence length

The entire algorithm can be invoked via command line using "readnumber.py --run {imgfile}"

Deploying the web application
The application can be deployed by simply starting server.py. This launches a develoment server on 0.0.0.0:8080, though it does not perform well under high load.
Alternatively, server.py can be run through any WSGI-compatible webserver. For example, it can be served with uWSGI by running "uwsgi --http :8080 --wsgi-file server.py"
